1.NTRODUCTION TO JAVASCRIPT
Review Types and Operators
Let's take one more glance at the concepts we just learned:

Four essential data types in JavaScript include strings, numbers, booleans, and null.
Data is printed, or logged, to the console with console.log().
Four built-in mathematical operators include +, -, *, and /.
JavaScript associates certain properties with different data types.
JavaScript has built-in methods for different data types.
Libraries are collections of methods that can be called without an instance.
You can write single-line comments with // and multi-line comments between /* and */.

2.VARIABLES
Review Variables
Nice work! This lesson covered a lot of foundational skills that you will often use in your future programming endeavors.

Let's review what we learned:

Variables hold reusable data in a program.
JavaScript will throw an error if you try to reassign const variables.
You can reassign variables that you create with the let keyword.
Unset variables store the primitive data type undefined.
Mathematical assignment operators make it easy to calculate a new value and assign it to the same variable.
The + operator is used to interpolate (combine) multiple strings.
In JavaScript ES6, backticks (`) and ${} are used to interpolate values into a string.

3.CONDITIONAL STATEMENTS
Review
Way to go! Here are some of the major concepts for conditionals:

An if statement checks a condition and will execute a task if that condition evaluates to true.
if...else statements make binary decisions and execute different code based on a condition.
We can add more conditions using else if statements.
Comparison operators, including <, >, <=, >=, ===, and !== can compare two values.
The logical and operator, &&, checks if both expressions are truthy.
The logical operator ||, or "or", checks if either expression is truthy.
The bang operator, !, switches the truthiness and falsiness of a value.
The ternary operator is shorthand to simplify if...else statements. myName ? console.log(): console.log();
The switch statement can make checking for matching expressions easier than writing multiple else if statements.

4.FUNCTIONS
Review Functions
Give yourself a pat on the back, you just navigated through functions!

In this lesson, we covered some important concepts about functions:

A function is a reusable block of code that groups together a sequence of statements to perform a specific task.

A function declaration : Diagram showing the syntax of a function declaration

A parameter is a named variable inside a function's block which will be assigned the value of the argument passed in when the function is invoked: JavaScript syntax for declaring a function with parameters

To call a function in your code: Diagram showing the syntax of invoking a function

ES6 introduces new ways of handling arbitrary parameters through default parameters which allow us to assign a default value to a parameter in case no argument is passed into the function.

To return a value from a function, we use a return statement.

To define a function using function expressions: defining a function expression

To define a function using arrow function notation: 
Function definition can be made concise using concise arrow notation: comparing single line and multiline arrow functions

It's good to be aware of the differences between function expressions, arrow functions, and function declarations. As you program more in JavaScript, you'll see a wide variety of how these function types are used.